50	what is the cheapest one way flight from columbus to indianapolis .
18	is there a flight from memphis to los angeles .
20	please show me the flights from chicago to detroit that arrive at six p.m. next tuesday .
0	does united flight four seven four slash fourteen eighty four serve dinner .
0	what kind of aircraft is american 's flight fifteen oh one that departs at six fifty nine p.m .
3	can you tell me about the flights from saint petersburg to toronto again .
0	i would like to leave on thursday morning may fifth before six a.m .
1	how far is it from the airport to the city .
3	show availability .
17	show me northwest flights to detroit .
2	show the flights .
2	prices .
11	list those flights that stop over in salt lake city .
0	list these economy fares .
1	what is e w r .
0	list these city destinations .
44	please list the flights leaving newark stopping over in seattle for approximately five hours and then on to san francisco .
0	what area does canadian airlines international service .
1	i want to leave before noon .
6	how long is the stop in dallas on flight d l nine thirty one .
0	count the number of flights between nine a.m. and twelve noon .
0	please give me the number of flights that depart from lester b pearson international airport on april twenty fifth .
0	how many flights leave from lester b pearson international airport between nine a.m. and twelve noon .
32	i need the shortest evening flight from tampa to cincinnati .
7	how far is the airport from new york 's la guardia to downtown .
8	how much is the fare limousine san francisco to downtown .
21	i need a flight from philadelphia to westchester county .
10	what flights leave los angeles arriving in minneapolis .
5	what is the cheapest ticket from memphis to miami .
3	what flights leave boston to pittsburgh .
10	what meals are served on flight h p five four .
6	what airlines fly from toronto to detroit .
9	i 'd like an afternoon flight .
5	i 'd like to leave before eight o'clock at night .
0	i 'd like to fly from buffalo to either orlando or long beach .
0	i 'd like to fly out of chicago for less than a hundred fifty dollars round trip .
0	i can only spend a hundred fifty dollars .
13	i 'd like to leave on a saturday .
11	list round trips .
5	list saturday flights .
