what is the cheapest one way flight from columbus to indianapolis .
is there a flight from memphis to los angeles .
please show me the flights from chicago to detroit that arrive at six p.m. next tuesday .
does united flight four seven four slash fourteen eighty four serve dinner .
what kind of aircraft is american 's flight fifteen oh one that departs at six fifty nine p.m .
can you tell me about the flights from saint petersburg to toronto again .
i would like to leave on thursday morning may fifth before six a.m .
how far is it from the airport to the city .
show availability .
show me northwest flights to detroit .
show the flights .
prices .
list those flights that stop over in salt lake city .
list these economy fares .
what is e w r .
list these city destinations .
please list the flights leaving newark stopping over in seattle for approximately five hours and then on to san francisco .
what area does canadian airlines international service .
i want to leave before noon .
how long is the stop in dallas on flight d l nine thirty one .
count the number of flights between nine a.m. and twelve noon .
please give me the number of flights that depart from lester b pearson international airport on april twenty fifth .
how many flights leave from lester b pearson international airport between nine a.m. and twelve noon .
i need the shortest evening flight from tampa to cincinnati .
how far is the airport from new york 's la guardia to downtown .
how much is the fare limousine san francisco to downtown .
i need a flight from philadelphia to westchester county .
what flights leave los angeles arriving in minneapolis .
what is the cheapest ticket from memphis to miami .
what flights leave boston to pittsburgh .
what meals are served on flight h p five four .
what airlines fly from toronto to detroit .
i 'd like an afternoon flight .
i 'd like to leave before eight o'clock at night .
i 'd like to fly from buffalo to either orlando or long beach .
i 'd like to fly out of chicago for less than a hundred fifty dollars round trip .
i can only spend a hundred fifty dollars .
i 'd like to leave on a saturday .
list round trips .
list saturday flights .
